DEF CON Group (DCG) for the RTP/RDU/Raleigh/Durham/Chapel Hill area of North Carolina.
If you are not in this area, please find a DCG (or start one!) closer to you: https://defcongroups.org/dcpages.html




WHAT IS A DEF CON GROUP?
The DEF CON Groups were spawned from the annual DEF CON security conference in Las Vegas. The DEF CON Groups (DCGs or DC-Groups) are a gathering point for folks interested in the alternate applications of modern technology, referred to properly as ‘hacking’.

DCGs are not intended to compete with any other computer groups, such as 2600, but rather to provide yet another gathering place for the discussion of technology and security topics.

DCG meetings are open to anyone, regardless of their skill, age, job, gender, etc. DCGs are designed to help you learn new things, meet new people, mentor others in areas you may be strong in, and provide some cohesion within the hacker culture and it’s members.

WHAT IS DEF CON 919?
Def Con 919 or DC919 is the Def Con Group for the 919 area code or the Research Triangle Park (RTP) area.  We hold a free local monthly meeting which is meant to share, spark, or fuel your interest for infosec.  Our presenters are passionate about their job or hobby and excited to share with the group.    If you’d like to present to the group, remember the best topic to present is the one that you are passionate about!  While the meetings are great, they’re meant to be a starting point, not the entirety of what we are.

Most of our work and what members do is between meetings and conferences.  We mostly gather on our Slack server (dcg dot chat) to discuss projects, other events, or ask for advice on technology.  We have members working on projects from Hacker Marathon, The Box, DDoS prevention tools, Mastodon server, Slack, and badges.

WHO ARE DEF CON 919 MEMBERS?
Any human interested in information security.  We do not discriminate toward the individual for who they ARE in any way.  We will have a problem with what they DO, if it’s malicious or illegal (see code of conduct below).  We have members from all areas of security and technology, and include all levels of experience.  Members might not get a chance to explore topics as much as they like during their job and like to talk with others that are also interested in expanding their infosec knowledge.

WHAT CAN I DO TO HELP OUT?
Whatever your passion in information security is.  Do not ask what the world needs, ask what you’re passionate about, because the world needs passionate people.  The best presentations and resources for the group were volunteered by members without request.

However if you’re new to infosec and don’t quite know what you’re passionate about yet, it’s good to try things.  DC919 is looking for website contributors, hardware engineers for conference badges, software engineers for conference badges, wireless or bluetooth technology engineers for conference badges, chat platform connector, venue coordinators, and ambassadors to other local groups or schools.